
Veterinary Clinic Management System

Welcome to the Veterinary Clinic Management System! 

This application is designed to streamline the management of patient records and SOAP (Subjective, Objective, Assessment, Plan) notes for veterinarians. 

Whether you're a seasoned veterinarian or just starting your practice, this system will assist you in efficiently handling patient information and providing top-notch care.

To get started with the Veterinary Clinic Management System, follow these steps:

Clone this repository to your local machine using:

shell
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/your-username/vet-clinic-system.git
Install the necessary dependencies:

shell
Copy code
npm install
Usage
Start the application:

shell
Copy code
npm start
Open your web browser and navigate to http://localhost:3000 to access the application.

Features:

User Authentication
Veterinarians can securely log in or sign up to access the system.
Authentication ensures that only authorized users can access patient records and perform actions.

Home Page:
Upon successful login, veterinarians are directed to the Dashboard/Home Page.
The Dashboard provides an overview of recent activities and important notifications.

Patient Details:
Veterinarians can select a patient from the list and view comprehensive details about the patient's medical history.
Patient details include information such as age, breed, and any relevant notes.

SOAP Actions:
The system enables veterinarians to perform all CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) actions on SOAP notes.
SOAP (Subjective, Objective, Assessment, Plan) notes are essential for recording and tracking patient health progress.

Logout:
Veterinarians can easily log out of the system by clicking the Logout button.
Logging out ensures the security of patient data and prevents unauthorized access.

Contributing
Contributions are welcomed from the community to enhance the Veterinary Clinic Management System. 

To contribute, follow these steps:
Fork the repository.
Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix.
Make your changes and commit them.
Push your changes to your fork.
Submit a pull request describing your changes.